Various additions and fixes (#37)
VocaDB/Wiki: src/content/docs/Artist verification.mdx

Other roles such as illustrator, animator and mixer are also included.

**The requirement is that you need to have at least one song entry on
VocaDB**. This can be an original song, cover, remix or music PV, as long
as it features vocals synths.

## Why?

As a verified artist, your user account name is **displayed** on the
artist entry page, and vice versa. You also gain access to the following actions:

> - Marking your artist entry as **approved**, preventing new users from editing that entry. 

Reviewer: What's a "new user" in this context. Shouldn't this say "non-trusted" or "regular".

This is an issue with the original text as well, so it's fine to remain as-is in this PR.

Author: > What's a "new user" in this context. Shouldn't this say "non-trusted" or "regular".
> 
> This is an issue with the original text as well, so it's fine to remain as-is in this PR.

I assume it's used as an antonym to Trusted here (seems there's an expectation that long-time users become Trusted, at least by the wiki.) You're right it could be changed to be more clear though.

- **Removing tags** associated with your entry 
- Providing **[personal descriptions](/docs/songs/song-entry-page#artists-personal-description)** for your albums and songs.

> - Uploading song files (such as .mp3s) directly to VocaDB

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Uploading song files (such as `.mp3`s) directly to VocaDB
```

Author: ?

Author: @Susko3 backticks don't seem to display properly, see the latest revision of song entry editing

Reviewer: Yeah I saw that, I guess my suggested change is not really important, everyone knows what an `.mp3` is and knows that `.mp3s` is not a real file extension.

> Edits by verified artists are, by default, considered trusted when

Reviewer: What does "by default" mean here? Does it mean if an artist makes bad edits to their own entries, we don't trust them any more?

Author: > What does "by default" mean here? Does it mean if an artist makes bad edits to their own entries, we don't trust them any more?

If a verified artist adds certain voicebanks to their entry (Let's say Miku Append Whisper), it's treated as official confirmation. If there was no official confirmation (Let's say the title simply had 初音ミク), then you should put the "[unspecified voicebank](https://vocadb.net/T/2982/unspecified-voicebank)" tag. This is explained in the following sentence.

"by default" = "unless there is demonstrable bad faith..."
